Zhenhao zhang
32277234
zzh133@u.rochester.edu

Tony Ling
32249392
tling@u.rochester.edu

Our project is aircraft war. When you click the start, the game will start. In this game, the player will control
the Hero to beat enemies. The more enemies killed, the more points the player will get. A mouse listener controls
the Aircraft. The Hero will automatically shoot the bullet and kill the enemies. Stars are rewards. In the Hero
shoots the Star, it could add one more life or improve the weapon to two bullets. When the Hero collides with
enemies or stars, he will lose one life. The game will be paused when the mouse moves out of the window.
When the Hero loses all lives, the game will be over. When you click the game over again, the game will restart.

The class, Aircraft, extends FlayingObjects. It builds the enemies. It defined the position and movement of enemy
flys. When the bullet hits the enemies, they will disappear and add 1 point.
The class, bullet, defined the bullets' speed and position.
The class, the Hero, described the image of the Hero and its animation of it. Also, initialized the position, life,
and fire of the Hero. And it has a shoot function to determine the shooting method (double fire or single fire).
Also, it has a check function to determine whether the Hero collides with enemies.
The class, Star, defined the image of the Star. It randomly determines the position of the Star and the award type.
The main class is called GameMain. This class will run the game. In this class, it initialized the canvas and set
the background. And this class input the images. This class will paint the score and the life in the top left
corner. And this class sets images(start, pause, and game over) position. Also, the game will automatically pause
when the mouse is out of the window. Then, it will paint the Hero, stars, enemies, and bullets on the canvas.
When you click the start, the game will start.

Our flourish is Non-stationary objects, like clouds, spaceships, or twirling stars, that score extra points
(and vanish) if hit by the drone.